Document kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-serving ClusterTrustBundle signer (#48492)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/certificate-signing-requests.md

      of the `--cluster-signing-duration` option or, if specified, the `spec.expirationSeconds` field of the CSR object.
   1. CA bit allowed/disallowed - not allowed.

1. `kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-serving`: signs certificates that can be used to verify kube-apiserver serving
   certificates. Signing and approval are handled outside kube-controller-manager.
    - {{< feature-state feature_gate_name="ClusterTrustBundle" >}}
    1. Trust distribution: signed certificates are used by the kube-apiserver for TLS
       server authentication. The CA bundle is distributed using a ClusterTrustBundle object
       identifiable by the `kubernetes.io/kube-apiserver-serving` signer name.

>     1. Permitted subjects - "Subject" itself is deprecated for TLS server authentication by RFC2818. However,

Reviewer: I'm confused --- there's no automated signing at all for this signer, right?  Shouldn't we only document the trust anchor distribution?

Author: There is no automated signing but we should still document it as any other in-tree signer, including the expectations we've got for the certificates it signs.

>     1. Permitted subjects - "Subject" itself is deprecated for TLS server authentication by RFC2818. However,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Permitted subjects - _Subject_ itself is deprecated for TLS server authentication by RFC2818. However,
```

       it should still follow the same rules on DNS/IP SANs from the "Permitted x509 extensions" section

>        below.

Reviewer 3: - Can you clarify who or what organization deprecated the _Subject_ field?
- Either expand SAN, or add a glossary entry for subject alternative name and use a tooltip. Some people might think it's about storage.

>        from the "Permitted x509 extensions" section below.

Reviewer 2: Is this right?
```suggestion
       from the _permitted X.509 extensions_ section that follows this one.
```

>     1. Permitted x509 extensions - honors subjectAltName and key usage extensions. At

Author: Should I change this in all the other signers, too? I can do that in a separate commit.

>     1. Permitted x509 extensions - honors subjectAltName and key usage extensions. At

Reviewer 3: Ah, if they're all like this, let's skip it. We can fix it for beta graduation.

>     1. Permitted x509 extensions - honors subjectAltName and key usage extensions. At
>        least one DNS or IP subjectAltName must be present. The SAN DNS/IP of the certificates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Permitted X.509 extensions - honors `subjectAltName` and key usage extensions. At
       least one DNS or IP `subjectAltName` must be present. The SAN DNS name or IP address
       of the certificate(s)
```

>        must resolve/point to kube-apiserver's hostname/IP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       **must** resolve/point to an hostname or IP address of a kube-apiserver.
```
?

    1. Permitted key usages - ["key encipherment", "digital signature", "server auth"] or ["digital signature", "server auth"].
    1. Expiration/certificate lifetime - The recommended maximum lifetime is 30 days.

>     1. CA bit allowed/disallowed - not recommended.

Author: I think so. I tried to stay consistent with the concise style used with the other signers.

>     1. CA bit allowed/disallowed - not recommended by the Kubernetes project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. CA bit allowed/disallowed - setting the CA bit is possible, but the Kubernetes project recommends you do **not** set it.
```
